hello um these are all my guns um um I
want to show you all of them um starting
with this one this is a a water gun um
each this actually this one doesn't have
a trigger it actually hit that's how you
shoot it that's all gun blow gun I have
the darts to it to really cool one you
just blow the meter next one this one is
a little broken I actually used to have
vibration but Rogoff so it's easy to fix
it
Oh next one 9-millimeter um
my dad used to be a Marine Corps and is
the only this so he's been ship too
those one time go this is a doozy um you
can then see this whole orange thing you
it back and then you can shoot
again that's truthful this is a 12-gauge
pump-action shotgun and you can love it
these are shells and then you put it
through this little bottom thing then
you just hold it like this Mick Mick
sounds then you can do this in the
shells come out the last one is an m16
my dad used to UM really practice on
these and those are my guns thanks for
watching
if if you're ever making a video about
um put them collections
make sure you disguise and make sure you
get some good details in there thanks
for watching